1. How did Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) organic revenue growth across its four reportable segments compare to the 4.9% total organic growth reported for 2025?
2. To what extent did the strengthening of the Euro, British Pound, and Swedish Krona contribute to Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) total revenue increase in 2025?
3. What is the magnitude of the trend in Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) adjusted operating margin, given the increase from 16.0% in 2024 to 17.8% in 2025?
4. How does the current backlog execution in Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) Water Infrastructure segment compare to the recent organic declines noted in emerging markets?
5. What is the expected impact of the estimated $80 million to $120 million in annual future net savings from restructuring on Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) 2026 operating margins?
6. How has the ratio of R&D expenses to total revenue for Xylem Inc. (XYL) trended over the last three fiscal years?
7. In what ways did the 140 basis point price realization impact Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) gross margin relative to the 190 basis point inflationary headwind in 2025?
8. How does the growth rate of the Measurement and Control Solutions segment compare to the Water Solutions and Services segment in terms of organic revenue contribution?
9. What is the direction of change in Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) free cash flow relative to its net cash from operating activities for the 2025 fiscal year?
10. How much of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) 2025 revenue growth was driven by the Treatment application within the Water Infrastructure segment compared to the Transport application?
11. What is the current level of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets relative to its total assets, and how does this affect its impairment risk profile?
12. How has Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) SG&A expense as a percentage of revenue changed following the 2025 simplification actions?
13. What is the impact of recent divestitures on the total revenue trajectory of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) Water Infrastructure segment?
14. How do the capital expenditure requirements for the Water Solutions and Services segment compare to the other three operating segments?
15. To what degree is Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) profitability sensitive to the availability of FCC-licensed radio spectrum used in its Measurement and Control Solutions?
16. How has the dividend per share trend for Xylem Inc. (XYL) evolved in response to its adjusted net income growth?
17. What is the current composition of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) long-term debt portfolio in terms of fixed-rate senior notes and their respective maturity profiles?
18. How has the concentration of revenue in the U.S. versus international markets shifted for Xylem Inc. (XYL) over the 2023-2025 period?
19. What is the magnitude of the 'unfavorable mix' impact on Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) gross margin compared to productivity savings?
20. How are the restructuring and realignment costs in the Applied Water segment trending compared to the Water Infrastructure segment?
21. What is the current effectiveness of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) foreign exchange hedging program in mitigating volatility in the Euro and British Pound?
22. How has the growth in orders for Xylem Inc. (XYL) compared to the actual growth in revenue for the 2025 fiscal year?
23. What is the projected impact of the 2025 restructuring-related employee reductions on Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) long-term cost structure?
24. How does the capital intensity, measured by capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue, vary across Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) business segments?
25. To what extent has the acquisition of Evoqua influenced the overall segment margins and integration costs for Xylem Inc. (XYL)?
26. How is the revenue contribution from the 'building solutions' market within the Applied Water segment performing relative to industrial applications?
27. What is the trend in Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) interest expense as a percentage of operating income over the last three years?
28. How do the organic revenue growth rates in the U.S. and Western Europe compare to the organic growth rates in emerging markets for Xylem Inc. (XYL)?
29. What level of risk does the potential non-renewal of radio spectrum licenses pose to the long-term valuation of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) Measurement and Control Solutions segment?
30. How has the volume of Xylem Inc.'s (XYL) orders changed relative to its organic revenue growth, and what does this signal for future short-term revenue?